oh fuck yeah, you got true moo!

i need to transplant my succulents

let’s sell our data for coffee!!

it’s a fucking literary device

in this show of life, i’m Charles boyle

i cannot Wait to flex my knowledge on James the second

I I have two moods: baby and bastard

I think it’s very sexy of us to be stupid

don’t send me nudes, send me pictures of you crying over me

fuck off dad, I drink a soy cappuccino

siri, what are the properties of egg

sometimes life is about being a slut for crepes

me, putting someone to death by poison or other means: :)

so on today’s agenda was developing a nicotine addiction for money, and perjury! i wonder what tomorrow will bring?

nothing more perfectly summarizes my aesthetic than the graffiti on the walls of the asbestos filled tunnel under this gay frat

you wanna go to massachusetts to buy socks?

*in perfect sync* oh, I love axolotls!

this lenin guy was really onto something

the thing is, you’re emotionally damaged, but I feel great

i have to commit mail fraud at 12.10, but I’ll meet you for massages at 12.30?

your dad gave birth to a horse, which is unprecedented

I’m done with class for the day and i dunno what to do...i was considering day drinking, but that might not be the best idea on a thursday (this one has a special place in my heart because it was said to me by a random dude in an elevator who I’d never met before)

i negociated a drug deal right before my advising meeting

these bagels are, as a jew, a hate crime

i printed this out when i was so drunk...good god, it isn’t even stapled, it was a crazy night

we’re not going to your room. your room is the size of my ass

i stared into his eyes for a soulful 5 seconds and then I realized I wasn’t in the right room

I’ve been told self obsession is attractive in a woman

i’m at the point where I’ve started raising my hand in casual conversations

do you use centrigrade or farenheit?
neither, i don’t know how weather works

i didnt understand that text you sent me. it had a lot of teenage jargon

i’m from seattle, like icarly

my circadian rhythm is just like,,,,break dancing

I gotta put some water in that bitch
think I put too much water in that bitch

ah, the familiar smell of brown’s campus
what?
weed

you have the most inconvenient emotional schedule! at least i’m sad on a friday

elo has some hot takes on what one armed people should be doing with snow

can we print it but just get rid of all the nazi stuff?

unrelated, but have you considered therapy?

felt cute, might orchestrate the genocide of 1-1.5 million armenians later

if you die doing something you love, did you really die?

i feel like perry the platypus but,,,worse

what’s the oisss?
oh, the office of international students students students

is yeast like, a person, or is it chill to eat that?

this isn’t a quote but today someone walked past me wearing airpod as earrings and I speedran the five stages of grief

i can proudly say that i have cried on almost every single london public transport line

*oprah voice* YOU get a country and YOU get a country and YOU get a country

noooo don’t colonise you’re so sexy ahah x

can you dress up as Boris Johnson and just start kicking me in the face ?

this reminds me of the Arabic quote “نحن
نسكن في مجتمع” — roughly translating to “we live in a society”

i aired my own mother. i’ve done it before.

i am a stem major and just recently decided that 6/3 = 3

i notice you partake in memes

i didn’t think mass marketing texts could be triggering for emotions

I just got followed by an account called live_love_equality. should I start a counter-account called live_love_disenfranchisement?

*yelling from across the quad* hey, do you think I have child-bearing hips?

i like the class, socrates doesn’t shut the fuck up though

seeing a senior cry is terrifying. they’re not meant to have tear ducts at that age

lots of popcorn. on my floor. largely the result. of my own hubris.

your essays were terrible. the good news is, they were all equally terrible, so you’ll all get a’s. (via my intl politics TA)

that does taste like mouth wash, which is dangerous, coz I like it

there’s probably other domesticated rocks outside emwool, too

not a quote but mine wants me to tell you all she saw someone wearing a tote bag around their neck today

chance, you okay?
yeah, this is a happy chord progression
you weren’t doing good at veganism! you were eating only Rice Krispies!

it’s freshman fall. get it? coz it’s fall and your grades are falling

it’s exhausting not being a gremlin

i go to office hours for like ten minutes and i say “hi I’m struggling” and my TA says “hi struggling, I can’t help you”

i want these nicotine reports to be done. i’m sick of being in touch with my emotions.

why do i have to cite my sources? why can’t they just assume I know everything

someone just needs to say “vibe check” and punch me in the face

assert dominance i am omw

I don’t have emotions anymore, I just have a cough

*chasing squirrel across quad* wait, i can swipe you in!!

you were there! you should know whether or not he was provided with a warthog!

vomit button Smashed

what’s the metaphysical?
ghosts
actually, I think it has something to do with the philosophy of-
GHOSTS

how do I get my roommate to leave the room? i just wanna cry and I can’t do it with him there

i genuinely have the willpower of like,,a blade of grass

how do you incorrectly cook rice?
you forget to cherish it

how much sleep do you get a night?
8 hours
that’s really inspirational

do you want to be an adult preying mantis for $32?

check your centrifuges, BITCH! they’re spinning OUTTA CONTROL!!

to me, you are the whole of thailand, because i have no frame of reference.

i already forgot both your names because I was thinking about porcelain

I’m the human form of the open curriculum, babe: multidisciplinary and a huge attraction for idiots

when my mum turned around and said “I’m gonna make cabbage soup” I was always like “AW YEAH THE MEAL OF THE GODS”

ok so say you have a bunch of maternal uncles

for halloween, i’m going as a sexy open curriculum

is your chicken a boy or a girl

for halloween I can either go as a box or wear my Indian ethnic clothes and go as a foreigner, which is scary for many Americans

is it possible for me to be sweating alcohol

I’ve been using Gatorade as a mixer too much and now my gag reflex is being triggered at the gym

wow, I forgot that you could move humans

this may be the most useless group of 3 people ever convened

she will be excellent! I will fight god!!

is that sexy safewalk or regular safe walk? Halloween is hell

why is everything phallic with you?

hi! i’m a menace

if you have sex w a furry, is that beastiality? hey siri?

no, I think she’s okay, she may just be stupid

what were you for halloween? i was a very simple skeleton

providence is objectively one of the thiccer cities

i wish I was capable of intelligently stereotyping

we should send kim k to syria!!

sometimes, an andrew yang costume...is just an andrew yang costume

take shrooms and figure out what your major is gonna be! it’s the brown way!

when we sit down I want to tell you about the time I let a wasp into the ratty because I was stressed

the teacher doesn’t call on me and I’m worried they’re racist
they’re not racist, they just don’t like you

bro...i vibed with that sandwich..and the sandwich vibed back

I'm actually very insecure about my grammar

she gave me ventolin and benadryl so this workout is just gonna be 90% drug, 10% weightlifting

you wanna fuck around and wake some old gods?

I think I’ve accidentally started a business of taking professional nudes

honestly the amount of times we cuddle in bed and he will just Bring Up Rashid Zia is ridiculous

the most notable thing you did today was windex something that wasn’t a window

i went out to buy myself soy milk as a reward for watching three hours of porn on 1.5x speed (which is just as stressful as it sounds) but the cvs line is so long i feel like I’M the one getting fucked in the ass without lube

did you know that I once said “fight me” to my boxing instructor

what are you doing?
theoretically, making parchment paper
how?
using orange juice and hope

dude i screwed up, i scheduled a phone interview with a deaf man

I was getting ill but then I bench-pressed it out

i’m just gonna skip this
it’s a 20 mark question
*distressed shrug*

Gordon Ramsay’s Ultimate Guide to Quick and Easy Dinners is my new personality

thank u for freeing me from materiality and hurling me into abstraction

mans said feelings and Also Horse

my love will never expire. it is like. rlly old maple syrup

bad and naughty brits are sent to the Hell Island to atone for their crimes

it’s like asian flush, but with happiness
blushing?

i mean, you own an animal, you’re only one step away from owning 28 geese

i will die on this hill of unrinsed bread
and you will die alone

alex seemar and i are writing existential crises of the day on my white board. today’s is “what, and how, is the internet”

mine, are you pregnant?
no i’m being ominous

i’ve been here 8 days, and i’ve killed 8 spiders: one for each day

it’s about horses AND depression! what more could you want?

sophie butcher IS a political ideology

me, quietly, to myself: i really hope aliens don’t come in april. that’s the only thing that could make this worse.
my dad, yelling, from the other side of the room: they can’t! the borders are closed! that includes space!

my rapper name is spaghetti thwap

fuck 12 isn’t a teen age

hi which meme about the ethics of torture do you prefer

I thought you were a farmer!
no, I’m a rancher! *quietly* actually, I’m a dumbass

COWBOY BOOTS AND FOOTBALL PLAYER MY TWO FAVORITE TOXIC TRAITS IN A MAN OH YESH

in these times having a bed full of crumbs is simply known as stockpiling

hey, you seem like the kind of person who’s read an mpreg fic or two in your time...how do they actually deliver the baby?
excuse me
wait actually
fuck I have

i’m watching civil rights part 3
thought that was a marvel movie for a second. disappointed that it isn’t.

dad: you need to get rid of the book piles in your room
me: but it’s part of my aesthetic
dad (forcefully): your aesthetic SUCKS. when I write a rap song about your life, it’ll go “your aesthetic. is pathetic.”

you’re 5 hours behind me now
and a half
same diff
no, the half is very important to us. it represents our blatant disregard of international time regulations. other international regulations India tends to ignore are human rights and secularity.

love when writers keep me on my toes by having no plot

you have a horse. you have a mirror. you know what you need to do.

the two sexual orientations
gay and skinny

consider: coronavirus x college senior au, enemies to lovers slow burn
“you take my breath away,” y/n said to coronavirus.
“no,” coronavirus said. “You take mine.”

are you talking about horses horses or people horses? drawbacks of using the word horse for everything: confusion

sometimes it makes me sad that the longest thing I’ve ever written is a jobama fan fiction
wait back up

my dentist uncle’s dentist friend told me “wow. you really have a lot of teeth. just a mouth full of teeth. doesn’t she have a lot of teeth other dentists?” the room was full of dentists. they had come from a cruise

me: livid is a chonky boy of a word
mum: she was a chonky boy of an angry

yesterday i told a kid that 3x3 was 3
i trust you completely

dad *dive bombing me with his drone in the living room*: i’m depressed and stuff

hi whenever you are free I have some questions about the communist manifesto

my final take is that if i was in an essay title, i wouldn’t be capitalized

the easter bunny is an essential worker

get out there and slurp up the oyster of your world. and in the process of slurping, obtain your wife.

that’s us! lgbt luigi!

my dad to his brother, who was in drag (it’s a long story): your pearls match your dress perfectly, bro.

you guys keep forgetting that i have the right to kill you next friday

am i too old to run away from home? is that just called moving out?

monet is still for exactly one minute while my dad plays thai rock in the background ASMR

you know what? sometimes you have a mental breakdown and sometimes the mental breakdown has you.

me: dad, would it be a waste of my expensive education to work for the fbi?
dad: no, honey, it wouldn’t
me: *sigh of relief*
dad, a high school dropout: …all higher education is a waste

did you just grant me the right to be completely naked but for a pair of glasses

which of your eight failed relationships have told you that listening to your heart is a good idea?

how do you have a ten year plan which involves developing alcoholism?
the only part I really have settled is the alcoholism. the rest is kind of up in the air.

meme me, brethren

tbh most aussie slang that doesn’t mean “drunk” means “gay”
in a derogatory way of course

maybe bonk will be our always

i just had to explain to mq the difference between defecation and deification

my mother just saw me and said “hi children” and I said “it’s just me” and she said “I know. that’s why I said children instead of childrens”

oh no ... u can’t become a fetus anymore
wHat
oops sorry *foetus
THAT WAS NOT MY PROBLEM WITH THAT SENTENCE

sometimes america...does the right thing
and by right thing I mean recording a video of a bunch of crabs when really they should be getting the hell out of there

my very presence is a harbinger of shenanigans

a) shrimp would never DARE to be allergic to me or I would yell at them and b) if a shrimp did dare I would simply eat a prawn

au where sophie's a fish and we're chum
warning: major character deaths

dasparate times call for disparate housewives

do you ever just get bored and search “lesbian”? or is that just me?

my education project is super open so i’m trying to figure a way i can draw tiny cacti and present that as my personal education narrative

i think it’s pretty normal to mix up percy jackson with the Bible i probably shouldn’t worry abt myself

AO3 is the hidden repressed side of all of us... u cannot love someone without loving their archives

sometimes...arson....is self care. do what you need to cope.

australia’s capital city is on a sheep station
ok! i’m going to need some time to process that information. i’ll reconnect soon xx

hey what happens if you bake an egg

I knew what I was doing when I befriended a pisces
sorry i am simply a puddle of tears barely held together as a human

me: mum’s currently doing a lil dance impersonating my dog
update, she let her outside and asked her to “go chase things”
mine: that’s just my mother setting me free in the West

how to you say squad in an essay about far-right individuals and nazis

mum: is nanci a small or a large animal? I’m going to call her large. if they tell me I’m wrong I’m going to say she has delusions of grandeur

how much do you know about nietzsche
also, how busy are you

i would like to do some form of arts in weather with you

i wanted the dog but only had enough for the grass clippers, but now that UV has traded me for half of himself, i’m not sure who owns me
god when I tell you I haven't had a normal conversation in so long I mean years

remember to value yourself and how much that value is
maybe like 13 goats

you made a boob yoshi. congrats.

this travesty has been op'd by you
we are all the op of our own demise

they said milk is good for bones so why isn’t my dick getting any bigger

i solemnly swear that i won’t quote the bible at furries if they’re mainstream in like the 2070s

if at first you don’t succeed, try, try a gay

my worst mixer was another liquor
NO sorry i take it back it was chocolate cake

mum: soph, have meme lords contributed to the fight against coronavirus?

i am a soft small sleeping machine , and a criminal

today I wanted to play Tetris but then I remembered that we coded it in CS15 and now it’s lost its mysterious bad boy appeal

whats the hair equivalent of ecofascism

gonna name my kid airbus computer rat
I’ll call them air-b for short...hey if u had another kid named b they’d be airb n b

tell me why my cousin/uncle’s friend from college just tried to follow me with an origami account?
tell me why he has an origami account?
tell me why?
ain’t nothing but a heartache

*reading my tarot from the cards against humanity period pack deck* so for your future, we have the “full bush” card, which means that your course work next semester will focus really heavily on george w. bush

ask the kangaroo if you can look inside his pouch, for research purposes
but....if he’s a him........
oh
in that case don’t ask to see his pouch for research purposes or otherwise
punch him in the face bc men are trash
in other news I downloaded tinder tonight

recompose just to decompose is the new detox just to retox

I’m the human equivalent of monet because I too pretend to be dead when people want me to do things and also I can’t say I WON’T immediately start twerking when I get to be around people again

like she’s a koreaboo but,,, of ancient chinese literature

i forget people don’t automatically assume everyone’s gay until proven otherwise

dad: *scream singing the monty python philosopher song*
mum: WHY DID I MARRY YOU? I KNEW SO MANY CLEVER PEOPLE
me: *just trying to get someone to proofread my final paper*

me: now I’m done with finals, do you wanna get lifting again?
mum, with her earphones in: yeah, let’s get lit!

mine relax and eat the concept of an apple
NO

i’m having a glasses detox. it’s where I don’t want to see anything so I simply do not put on my glasses for a day

you’ve memed your way into my heart

*talking about times we’ve fallen off horses on the cross country course*
and THAT hill put me in a brain study

I think instead of going to a dermatologist, you should see a psychologist

*bench-pressing agressively* i’m not a jock, mum!

congratulations, mine, you sounded aquatic

we’re self...uh, self looking after ourselves (via my wonderful grandparents)

the threats that we’ve resorted to now are “i will touch everything you own”

ah yes, est: ewestern standard time

how do you say “what the fuck is going on” in french?

dried pear is my crack

simran WOULD drive through a kilometre of fire just because she could

they just did the typical touristy things you do in new york: ride in a horse-drawn carriage, go to coney island, break into an abandoned factory

if they try to cancel fall semester, I’ll email christina paxson: “hey. what if you failed your vibe check.”

alix: i rly want some plants from lowes but I’m in quarantine
grace: can’t you just order them? Uber eats some plants?
sophie: ma’am that’s called a salad

the dress code is what? business casual?...oh, you mean elevated slutty

i need to marie kondo my love life

oh fuck
we’re in a plague pandemic au

do you have any recent photos of your cat?
i do indeed, she looks like a fucking bowling pin

so what I took away from that handwashing tutorial was wank your thumb, and be two turtles having sex
also, give your hands a good scritch sometimes! you deserve it

quarantine is turning you into a 40 year old mum youtuber and i’m kinda here for it

marxists! at the private school
illusion! at the ivy league

he doesn’t need the fab five, he needs therapy....there are some things even 5 gay men can’t do

honestly, i’ve never been in a position to disperse a bunch of homeless people around rural oregon, so I can’t comment

i think....i need to leave *speedwalks away*

my bones are crunchy today

it’s a weird sensation to, like, drink wasabi

dude, i’m in the toppest group of ride horse

if I die tomorrow, my ghost is gonna blame you
you mean you’re gonna haunt me?
nah, but my ghost is gonna be pissed

I dunno man, I reckon if you piss on anything it gets warmer

concept: big gay. it’s like big pharma but with being gay. no I will not elaborate.

I never realized how much contempt you look at me with

you’re exactly like my friend! you both listen to country music AND are allergic to shrimp

chicken tenders are the product of lust, not love

we are in the swamp swamp swampadoo

i know my bin chickens, mate

I went into this horrible spiral where I was like “I can never have a hermit crab, I won’t be able to give it the life it deserves”

what is going on in my head, you ask? very little, but also, the Amish.

goodnight! gotta rest up for another day of disappointing those I love!

i don’t wanna look at my transcript and see only S and B,,,last thing I need is for my grades to call me a son of a bitch twice

i just got bitch-slapped by the Atlantic Ocean

is cheese a vegetable?

if he drinks that much water, anyone can call him anything. he knows that.

i had to repeat kindergarten because I was too angry

you know you’re sunburnt when you start claiming inanimate objects as your mother

why is your bong named medusa?
...one look and you’re stoned

if a cat ate me, I would simply say “vibe check passed”

what the fuck is a kangaroo??
it’s like a bipedal pogostick with fistacuffs

a shower is just a good time when jesus christ’s hot, pressurized piss bathes your naked body

saturday is chinese new year, does anyone want to do anything vaguely Chinese-y w me
I'm down to have only one child

do your achilles’ tendons ever just feel like string cheese?

can you just tell me if i put it in my butt or my nose?

be the dyke you wanna see in the world

well, now they know how to enlarge their assholes. what other knowledge could they require on this fine night?

ok, although my leg hairs are sparse, they’re very long

i only travel to air-conditioned democracies

i got shot glasses — well, technically they’re espresso cups —

currently i am the proud owner of a flu

i don’t think there’s many worse things to be than unremarkable
you could be a fascist

based on the position of the sun today, you will be prosecuted for war crimes

i come bearing a vibe

I’m not into guys who are pretty. I’m more into guys who look like, “i could build you a cabinet”

I’m back to being the mom friend!
you’re literally holding a vodka orange juice in one hand and a corona light in the other

i don’t think you should be texting anyone when you’re this drunk
(slurred) what do you mean?
for starters, you’re texting “i’m anonymous” but you’ve spelled it “i’m nkonomos”

I’m craving the deviled part of a deviled egg

“more toys than the devil has sinners”? that’s insane!

i need more white privilege in my life

we’ve come too far to be defeated by vanilla extract

i don’t have a nickname from you! you call me chance and bastard.

we’ve gotta start sexualizing allergies

we made cupcakes and we were like “you know what this needs? Democrat propaganda”

your dad has two rifles? can he please shoot me?

yesterday my dad asked me what my vacuum cleaners pronouns were

that’s what you do with penises, you just go “pull the lever kronk!”

i think that you guys should get matching bellybutton piercings and link them like a metaphorical and literal umbilical cord

*getting pierced* wow, that felt like being stapled...i’m the essay now

this weekend the party is toga yoga but the yoga community got offended so now it’s just toga

UV: can someone lend me their happiness?
ZOE: you can have mine but they’re kinda dirty
UV: what?
ZOE: oh shit I thought you said headphones
MINE: *takes one headphone out* wait uv did you want your headphones back?

he’s just like “no I hate it, it’s so fake” and I’m like well I have some bad news about my eyebrows

i only play single-person sports
like what?
i’m sure you can imagine
masturbation?

is Nickel Odeon a person?

i’m a product of my circumstances
no, you’re a product of too many vodka shots

is that written in Thai?
no, that says “physics”

if you believe in yourself, you CAN do meth

I feel like any strong emotions I experience immediately kill the whole microbiome of my gut

rush is just a scavenger hunt for social validation

apparently we need 3 fun facts
great, my first one is that I buried a hamster in a park in singapore which was apparently illegal

my 14 year old cousin has found some furries on the internet and now she’s selling them cat drawings for $50 apiece

there’s literally nothing stopping us from carbonating milk
I will fucking kill you

if I had a dog named cheddar I would use him to strike fear into the hearts of my friends.

do you want our robot child to grow up on a diet of LIES