I wasn’t going to answer her question. It wasn’t one that was worth responding to.
“What have you been doing the last year?”
What have I been doing the last year? I’ve been covering for you, trying to prevent people from knowing what you’ve been doing the last year.
“What have I been doing the last year?”
You’ve been away for a year. What have you been doing?
“I haven’t seen you in a long time. I want to know!”
You haven’t seen me in a long time. Why is that? Whose fault is that?
“I’ve been good. You know, usual work stuff. Dawdling along. Where have you been?”
What have you been doing? 
“I’ve been out and about. Just doing things.”
I know. I know the things you’ve been up to. I know why you’ve been away.
“What things have you been doing?”
Tell me. Tell me why I’ve had to put myself on the line.
“I’ve just been away. Can’t I take a break once in a while?” 
Defensive.
“You didn’t think it was worthwhile to tell me you were leaving? For a whole year?”
You think our boss hasn’t been asking me where you’ve been? How I’ve had to grovel with him in order for you to be able to keep your job?
“I didn’t tell anyone. It was a spur of the moment decision.”
I know what you’ve been up to. Playing truant from work shouldn’t have come as a surprise to me; I guess it’s that you left for a whole year that surprised me.
“You didn’t care to think about what your sudden disappearance from our lives would do to them?”
You think our parents haven’t been asking me where you’ve been? How I’ve had to reassure them, say, yes, don’t worry, I’m in touch with her, I know where she is.
“Don’t take that tone with me. I had to take care of some things. I came back as soon as I could. It was safer to leave them out of the picture entirely.”
You haven’t been completely traceless. I’ve checked around, asked your friends. I heard about your sojourns in Las Vegas and Atlantic City; sporadic at first, blossoming into intermittent, and now, what seemed permanent until you returned.
“You don’t think they haven’t been worried? You didn’t think I’d be worried? You’re my sister! And you went missing, completely without warning, for a year!”
I’m getting angry. She’s getting angry too, though I don’t know why. This is all on her.
“It’s not what you’ve heard. It’s not gambling. Vegas and Atlantic City are simply coincidental. There were other issues that I had to work out. Family issues.”
What sort of family issues could be greater than the one she created by leaving our lives, without warning, for a year?
“Family issues? What do you mean, family issues? We’re your family.” 
We’ve both deflated. The initial anger has worn off. She slowly shakes her head.
“There’s something I have to tell you.”


It’s not a long walk back to my room. Seven minutes. Eight, tops. But when temperatures dip below freezing and I haven’t got any headphones on, I can begin to feel my ears screaming. So, I need something to distract myself from nature’s war against my ears.
I don’t have my headphones with me. I begin thinking of phrases. Of quotation, of mottos. Brown’s big, shining sun happily proclaiming In Deo Speramus had brought the thought to my head. In God We Hope. It’s a fun motto. Sort of assuring you that no matter what happens, God will always be there for you to put your faith in.
My atheism aside, it brought to my mind the concept of phrases, and that there were several which I found interesting. And then I thought it was interesting that I found there to be interesting phrases. How? Wasn’t a phrase just, essentially, a collection of words, forced to make some sort of sense by syntactical order? Why should it be the case that I find phrases, devoid of their contextual meaning, interesting in the slightest?
About halfway through the seven minutes. There’s a road work ahead sign up in front of me, but the pavements are still accepting of lonely trudges. I still have time to resolve this strange question in my head.
What’s in a phrase? What makes it memorable, what makes it have meaning? Context, I suppose, is the enemy of the phrase. In Deo Speramus seems to have no real relevance to college, but is fully recognized as an acceptable motto, as all God-fearing Latin phrases are. That seems to imply that phrases persist not just due to what they stand for within context, but also their malleability. A phrase is a set of words with some meaning, independent of their original context, but dependent on the present surroundings.
A guy on a skateboard whizzes past me. Still two minutes to go; time to wrap up this train.
It’s dependent on present surroundings, right? One of my favourite phrases is God does not play dice with the universe. From German, to English, courtesy of Albsert Einstein. Great, isn’t it? Vaguely about destiny, something to do with fate- but only if taken out of its original context. Einstein intended it to express his displeasure over the randomness of quantum mechanics. But now it’s constantly taken out of context, taken to mean something completely different, taken to signify Einstein’s belief in God.
He clarified his belief while he was still alive. Or take Albus Dumbledore’s Words are, in my not-so-humble opinion, our most inexhaustible source of magic. It’s beautiful. Within context. Out of context. Shaped in and of itself, manufacturing a conversation out of its beauty. 
Just a minute left now. I’m nearly done, but it’s just about time to bring up another one I enjoy. Deus ex machina.
As I cross the road, a car hurtles towards me, ignoring the pedestrians’ green light. I only have time to turn in the direction of the honking vehicle, with no real chance of getting out of the way. As if conjured up from nowhere, a guy on a skateboard pushes me out of the way. We both fall on the pavement, bruised and scraped, and look back at the road. The car has sped away and his skateboard has splintered into pieces, but I’m finally back at my room.


It’s 7 am. I’m on my daily train to the building site. You’re on the train with me, sitting across the aisle on the red seat. There’s a jagged rip in the upholstery—well, if you can call it upholstery – which you’re fingering with your right hand. You’re grasping your phone with your left hand, quite tightly. I can see your knuckles straining white against your black phone case, the tips of your fingers filling with blood.
It didn’t start like this. I’m trying to figure out what happened. Your call was jovial at the beginning. You were talking to your… mother? You smiled, briefly, but only through your lips, before your mouth resumed its natural, slightly downturned position. As if meeting an acquaintance you didn’t really want to be interacting with, but with whom you had to exchange formalities. Probably not your mother, then. You had an earpiece in your ear, which left both your hands free for what you really cared about. Iacocca.
I appreciate that. This is Detroit – or rather, it was. With its old glamour having been comprehensively eradicated by Germany and East Asia, it’s a shadow of its former self. And you’re young. You didn’t see us in our heyday, so you have to experience it through memoirs.
And you should. But there are people like you – a new culture; a new generation – who keep the city interesting for those of us who’ve lived through the glory years. And I can’t take my eyes off you. It’s been well over a decade since I refused to give you my blessing, and you ran away and eloped anyway. Well, not you. But he looked so much like you. It wasn’t okay back then, and I don’t know how I feel about it now. But after not having seen him for so long, I have to make every effort possible to remember his face.
Your hands were on your book, your book was in your lap, and your words were getting caught in your beard. You didn’t care much for this conversation. You would clearly much rather have been focused solely on your book, but if you could have hung up, you would have. More than an acquaintance, then. A family member. An aunt or uncle, or perhaps a parent’s cousin, judging by the deference with which you addressed them, and your inability to put the phone down. Metaphorically, of course; your phone has been in your pocket the whole time.
You didn’t have to speak as loudly as you were, yet it was softer than you intended it to be. Still good enough for your earpiece to pick up and relay to the other end of the line. I remember how he used to do the same on the phones we had back then; those big, clunky pieces of machinery that my son used to put up to his face and speak into. Louder than he needed to be, but somehow always straining to speak louder.
For a long time, your focus was your book. Your eyes flew through the paragraphs, and your supple fingers deftly turned the pages. Your face remained placid, and your lips, though frequently providing monosyllabic responses, occasionally broke into speech. I could hear everything you were saying. Generally yes, generally no, some hmms, some okays. The scattered inquiry into the wellbeing of certain people, requisitioned by etiquette, though it was apparent you’d rather be anywhere else.
Your face went limp. It was different from before. No longer placid or set in stone, but slowly falling, lips agape, just the jagged edges of your white teeth visible. You’d heard something which you didn’t like. You’d heard something, not something you didn’t like, but which affected you deeply. You’ve lost your composure. Your face turned pale and buried itself in your hands. Your right hand reached out to adjust your earpiece, fidgety, fidgety, and your left hand took out your phone, which you stared at, as if in disbelief. Your hands can’t sit still.
We reach the present. I’m trying to figure out what happened. It’s not a closely related family member, so it isn’t any event in the immediate family. And the death of a distant relative shouldn’t disturb you like this. I’ll wait for you to say something. But soon, because eventually one of us is going to get off this train, and this is as much an event in my life as it is yours. Because there’s something I need to know. Something about my son, someone who would have looked so much like you had I seen him grow up into the man I knew he would become.
You take your time. Fidgeting, constantly readjusting your earpiece, hand to forehead, hand through beard.   
You don’t give much away. You’re a private person, and this is a private matter. But you must speak in due course. And you do. But you make it deliberately vague. You ask, when, where, how it happened, while your face slowly drains of color.
There’s not much time left. My stop is up next, and you haven’t told me all I need to know. I’m sorry, but I must interrupt your call.
“You look pale; are you feeling alright?”

 

Wow, it’s early. I hate waking up this early. Actually, it’s nearly 7 am and I’m on the train, so I’ve actually been awake since about an hour ago. But when work brings me to this side of the country, I have to do what work tells me to do.
It’s not like I’m a stranger to this place; not at all. I grew up here. I’m very used to the unnecessarily complicated subway system, the abandoned factories at the edge of the city, the AT&T billboards all over the place (go 313!). And I’m also aware of how fondly I used to regard this place, which was once my home. My parents still live here, as far as I’m aware. But I haven’t seen them in many, many years, and I’m fine with that.
I grew up here, but I know surprisingly little about the history of the place. Which is why I’ve picked up a copy of Lee Iacocca’s autobiography to read during my stay here – a foray into the city’s famed, diesel-fueled past. I’ve been reading this the last few days I’ve been here, and I’m now about halfway through it. It’s a slightly long train journey, so I make myself comfortable and get cracking on the book, with light classical music playing through my earphones.
A few pages in, my phone rings. I reach into my pocket and see that it’s my aunt, Tabitha. Though, technically, she’s my husband’s aunt, but that difference dissolved many years ago.
“Hey, Joe.”
“Hey, Tabitha. What’s going on?”
Of course, I love her. But my conversations with her are never really very exciting, and I’m at a pretty good position in my book.
“Nothing, nothing. Just wanted to see how you’re doing.”
See. Just banalities. So, I tune her into the back of my head, and I focus on my book again.
“Joe. There’s something you need to know.”
I tune back in now. More than the words (which are, in themselves, panic-inducing in the best of times), it was the tone – one of deep concern and worry. I turn my focus away from the book.
“What is it?”
Now that I’m not as focused on my book, I notice the man across the aisle from me. He’s wearing high-vis construction overalls – must be planning for a long day at work, given that it’s seven in the morning.
“It’s about your father. He passed away this morning. Joshua’s on the flight to New York right now, which is why I’m calling you and not he.”
“What?”
“He had a heart attack just after breakfast. We called 911, but they said that there was nothing that could be done about it.”
How could he have died? I mean, there’s no way this could have happened, right?
“Please come as soon as possible.”, she said. “Joshua will call you when he lands.”
My father. An enigmatic figure from my old life in Detroit. Though, of course, Tabitha isn’t talking about my real father. She’s talking about Joshua’s father, the man who took me in when my own father rejected me, when I wanted to marry the love of my life. He treated me as if I were his own son, far more so than my father did when I told him I wanted to marry Joshua.
I’ve made attempts to get in touch with my father. But after he refused to answer my calls the first few years, I, though it hurt me no end, gave up. I haven’t even seen a picture of him in nearly fifteen years Joshua’s dad loved me like his own son, and walked me down the aisle with him.
“Yeah. Yeah, of course. I’m sorry. I’ll be there as soon as possible.”
Tabitha continues talking for a bit on the other end of the line. I look across the aisle briefly and see that the man across is looking at me. He’s probably in his early sixties, with grey hair and a salt-and-pepper moustache. As I turn away, he gets up and approaches me.
“You look pale; are you feeling alright?”
I wasn’t expecting that. In the middle of my own personal tragedy, the world disappeared around me for a little bit, until this man punctured the illusion. I didn’t mind it, though. I need something to keep me distracted right now.
“Hey, Tabitha. Can I call you back in a little while?”, I say to the phone, before hanging up.
“Ah, yeah, I’m fine”, I say, turning to the man, expecting him to retreat to his seat. But he doesn’t. He just keeps looking at me.
“I’m sorry,” he says. “There’s something I have to ask you. What’s your name?”
“Joe Király,” I said. Our family had moved to the United States from Hungary several generations ago.
He blinked and put on his gloves.
“Hey, Joe. I’m Jakub. It’s been a while.”
